Adds Document Processing API (#80)
PSPDFKit/Cordova-iOS: README.md

    // Exports all annotations from the current document to the specified XFDF file path in '"~/Documents/" + xfdfPath'.
    exportXFDF(xfdfPath, [callback]);
    

Document Processing API
-----------------------

The following method allows you to process annotations (embed, remove, flatten, or print) and save the processed document to the given document path.

    // Processes the current document's annotations and saves the processed document at the specified path.
    processAnnotations(annotationChange, processedDocumentPath, [callback], [annotationType])
	

> The annotationChange is a string parameter. Can be flatten, remove, embed or print.

Reviewer: Could we add `text` here is well?
```suggestion
The `annotationChange` is a string parameter. Can be `flatten`, `remove`, `embed` or `print`.
```

Or is it against the style?

Author: We don't wrap parameter names between backticks in the README. So I left it this way for consistency.

My personal preference is wrap them backticks. I'll push the changes on this PR for the whole README.

> The processedDocumentPath should be a string containing the file path (not URL) for the processed PDF document. Relative paths are assumed to be relative to the www directory (if the 

Reviewer: Same question for the rest of the doc

    // Exports all annotations from the current document to the specified XFDF file path in '"~/Documents/" + xfdfPath'.
    exportXFDF(xfdfPath, [callback]);
    

Document Processing API
-----------------------

> The following method allows you to process annotation (embed, remove, flatten, or print) and save them to the given document path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following method allows you to process annotations (embed, remove, flatten, or print) and save the processed document to the given document path.
```
